docs: Improve wording of 'Why Vite' (#9005)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/why.md

Over time we have seen tools like [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/), [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org) and [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/), which greatly improved the development experience for frontend developers.

> However, as we start to build more and more ambitious applications, the amount of JavaScript we are dealing with also increased dramatically. It is not uncommon for large scale projects to contain thousands of modules. We are starting to hit a performance bottleneck for JavaScript based tooling: it can often take an unreasonably long wait (sometimes up to minutes!) to spin up a dev server, and even with HMR, file edits can take a couple of seconds to be reflected in the browser. The slow feedback loop can greatly affect developers' productivity and happiness.

Reviewer: this sentence is awkward as it uses present tense in the first half and past tense in the second half. we should use a consistent tense
```suggestion
However, as we build more and more ambitious applications, the amount of JavaScript we are dealing with is also increasing dramatically. It is not uncommon for large scale projects to contain thousands of modules. We are starting to hit a performance bottleneck for JavaScript based tooling: it can often take an unreasonably long wait (sometimes up to minutes!) to spin up a dev server, and even with HMR, file edits can take a couple of seconds to be reflected in the browser. The slow feedback loop can greatly affect developers' productivity and happiness.
```
